Fixed typos in dataloader docs / improve grammatical consistency (#7645)
ChilliCream/graphql-platform: website/src/docs/hotchocolate/v11/fetching-data/dataloader.md

The above request fetches two persons in one go without the need to call the backend twice. The problem with the GraphQL backend is that field resolvers are atomic and do not have any knowledge about the query as a whole. So, a field resolver does not know that it will be called multiple times in parallel to fetch similar or equal data from the same data source.

> The idea of a data loader is to batch these two requests into one call to the database.

Reviewer: These should actually be written as [DataLoader](https://github.com/graphql/dataloader), as it refers to the utility or pattern, and not just to the loading of data in general.

Author: Ah, that makes total sense, it just didn't seem correct as written. Fixed!

# Data Consistency

> Data loaders do not only batch calls to the database, they also cache the database response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DataLoader do not only batch calls to the database, they also cache the database response.
```

(I still prefer `DataLoaders` [plural], but Michael is likely to insist on `DataLoader` being the plural. 😄)

> Data loaders do not only batch calls to the database, they also cache the database response.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DataLoader do not only batch calls to the database, they also cache the database response.
```

Author: Ah that makes sense; seemed wrong as lowercase. Thanks.

A data loader guarantees data consistency in a single request.
If you load an entity with a data loader in your request more than once, it is given that these two entities are equivalent.

Data loaders do not fetch an entity if there is already an entity with the requested key in the cache.

> # Types of Data Loaders

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Types of DataLoader
```

> # Types of Data Loaders

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Types of DataLoader
```
